->Amount of text was difficult to follow. I would have preferred
  headings with a brief quote. Using bolding or italics to direct
  attention would have made understanding these slides easier.

->Answers to questions were well paced and expanded on key points of
  the presentation.

I think that there was too much time spent on the background--I kind
of got lost was itching to hear about the actual experiment! In
addition, I think the table of the contents on the side might have
been a little too distracting, especially on slides when there was a
lot of text (ex. on the "hierarchical" slide).

I really enjoyed how excited you guys were by your projects/results!
The tone when talking about the experiments and results was extremely
engaging.

1. I really liked the sidebar on their slides that kept track of where
we were in the presentation.

2. Some of the text on the slides was too small/hard to read; I
couldn’t read anything on the images of their evolved neural nets.
Also it seemed like the background info section went on a little bit
too long - lot’s of bullets and very few pictures.  Furthermore, I was
just generally confused about what they did.  Despite the fact that
they had a lot of background, I still felt like I didn’t understand
how they did what they did.

Good- the sections remaining on the side was a good way to organize
the presentation

Improvement-alot of text on some slides, some images too small to see

+ Explained motivation well, and generally gave good context for the
pretty complex hierarchical models

- Slow-paced at start of presentation - spent a bit too much time on
  similarity to/differences from past work

What I liked: You have thorough background research. Good summary of
all of your experiment tasks.

A suggestion: Use more images and less text to present your points.

Something to improve on:
Text on slides was too small - could not read from the back of the room

Something good:
Results section was very comprehensive

1) I liked the order of their presentation and how one section
connected to the next very well, especially for 3 people presenting.

2) Something that needs work: The graphics. Their graphics often had a
lot of text, or were visually cluttered since they were networks or
result graphs. I feel that some of these could have been simplified or
reduce the number and increase visuals of what kind of data they were
using, what the layers were learning and things that make it more
interesting than just the model structure or a line chart.

Starting off the presentation, the slides were very dry, too much
text, and not enough photos to help us understand the different types
of networks you're talking about.  In terms of the experiment itself,
it was very interesting to see that you had implemented all of these
different algorithms and compared and contrasted each one.
